Properly I need you
Here is the first corner
Hmm
It is width in front of everyone, but you can see behind Mr. kddi Audi participation bar
Is not it
It will be in place which is marked with Well It is a cat sign the biggest billboard 鎮南somewhere
Jerry don't have a dark but you got it
What everyone you Zonchi
100 or 200
A sign in is about 30 million
Please let me know that everyone can go out individually
Shi wish best regards
If you go out the corner
The bus is a Coca-Cola corner and will go into the post- processing corner
Captain I guess the waterfall that had
Hey everyone- it's from Kansai now !
I think that the vehicle will come soon
a Of course the person on the right side is also
Thank you for your camera preparation
I have been there for a while , so thank you
Night king
Please Oite listen getting plug in the curtain shop discrimination
Akita N
ni
1,100 yen Our client Naa today
a radius is 100m
Since it has become a root has been referred to as the 100 Waal
Good early
Experience of
Everyone's say beautiful in Fuji to the lighting here is quite
It is not true from Mt. Fuji
I like it because it is delicious and there are 100 buses
It is largely left foot to enter the hairpin corner
Enter hard edition corner such as ad school
I can not turn to the left of the number
Mashimaro N
Snake me
Hmm
US army camp is nice
I Tsu not even the window number
We will go into 300 first
Now here is this child's collection too
The anus
Inevitable N Tsu to 100 obtain
Judgment is 300 meters in the same way as a
ad
If there are 300
I wonder what
Happy
Close-up look
It does not contain
me
Mount Fuji we have seen in the last all-like testimony
It is a spot that cuts quite up to here
You will enter the Dunlop corner here w The vehicle speed will buy when
Well there is no good if taken from here again
I think that the speed is clear and you can take beautifully
Car N
me
yeah
goo
Even bald will go into the Chris Corner, so it will be a permanent residence policy
This corner is
I have a tank and it's a reverse bag yeah yeah
The opposite side allies also hf
me
wh
3 n surprised immediately
Hmm
ra copy yeah yeah
You're up to here because you're a moi
I think that the British spirit fatty liver is too low for cautions
I think that it was you, but come unwilling to
It is totally kind from osd 5 rubber
As it turns in the mansion When the and heard to Ino had become the package and answer
Hmm
It is amazing that the 4-year-old bus is a prius in the bus.
noa
Is in
Fan's head
me
White clothes everyone went wild and went straight to the specialty straight
It goes into a straight line about 1475 meters of bookkeeping
wh
Pack Island is special but ar best
Good to wear
me
Yeah yeah yeah
For me there was a celebrity club to wow
none
I am
It will shake the journey bus the car take
I'm selling it
Hmm
me
That's true
Yes I came back around when I'm decelerating at once here
Hmm
goo
Boo Foo
n ame
ni
me
aname
Hmm
teame
What side and
That yes left is stretched also Te water